as it comes out of the antenna in your
cell phone is look at cell phone
circuits or cell phone systems would be
something that looks like this
okay this and may have a label lla if
someone were to take a guess at what
Ellen a mic stand for what's that linear
amplifier that's pretty good so that's
Ellen a but close enough a is correct
this amplifier what is Ellen and stand
for low noise okay so this stands for
low noise amplifier so so the I get a
really linkie linkie small signal here
and then the low noise amplifier
amplifies the signal and in real cell
phones and for that matter in your 802
11 B or 802 11 a or 802 11 G Wireless
cards same thing antenna lola's
amplifier and then you may have a bunch
of processing okay and commonly have a
bunch of analog processing and then you
convert the analog to a digital signal
okay I call last week I asked somebody
in class here how would we transmit the
signal from point A to point B without
being impacted way too much by noise any
set up good deal good point okay so if I
go digital I can transmit the signal
without noise being a real factor but
then the analog to digital converters
need the signal strengths to be a given
value before it can chop it up into
digital levels okay so so an amplifier
is very fundamental okay and so in this
case what may be a signal off in a few
tens of micro volts to up to be
amplified to some large enough value
that it can be further processed
so so that's a application of
amplification in the analog domain let
me talk